[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: The other thing you can get
around with this making styles as far as
organization is if, let's say, because
this isn't gonna look the same on iOS.
And iOS isn't gonna look
the same on Android, right?
So what you can do is you can move these
styles into a different folder, or
a different file.
For instance we can say,
we'll call this styles.android.js.
And then we'll call
another one styles.ios.js.
And what we'll do is we'll go to Fancy,
we'll grab these styles.
We'll put them in Android.
We'll make sure to import stylesheet,
>> Scott Moss: From react native,
we'll save that.
And then now inside of our component,
all we have to do is,
we don't need the style sheet any more.
All we have to do is just
import the styles that I
should be exporting, export styles.
So all we have to do now is
just import those styles.
And the pad that we want
to import them from,
we don't have to include the platform
we don't include Android, iOS.
React Native will pick it up for
us at runtime.
And for Android,
we're gonna give you the Android version.
For iOS,
we're gonna give you the iOS version,
just based off the file extensions.
So that way,
we can declare different styles for
the same component in two files for
two different platforms.
So for Android we obviously want
the styles, so we'll say styles.
And now that's going to
give us the Android one.
And this should still work,
I might have to reload it.
Yeah, yeah, I didn't do this right.
Let's bring this over there too.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: Cool and
it still looks exactly the same.
Now for iOS, now if we copy this and
we put this in iOS.
And then we change something like,
let's change this to be blue so
we can see that it's different and
we'll change this to be orange.
>> Scott Moss: And if I run this in iOS,
react-native run,
>> Scott Moss: I
don't think I had a shortener for that.
>> Scott Moss: So we run this in iOS,
>> Scott Moss: And
we should see some different styles here.
>> Scott Moss: This one
actually feels kinda fast.
>> Scott Moss: Little
splash screen action.
>> Scott Moss: And we get an error
because I didn't update the index to iOS,
>> Scott Moss: With whatever is in here so
let's do that right quick.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: Debug,
Window, Hardware, Shake.
>> Scott Moss: There we go, so
now different styles, right.
Cuz we did the .iOS extension
vs the Android extension.
That's pretty clutch, I think.
And that works for
any file you put that extension on.
If you import it, it'll take the extension
off and use it in that specific platform.
So that's another way for
you to do different styles.
And the other way I told you guys
where is you can use, for instance,
if we were inside these styles here.
Let's say this is a generic one and
not just for Android, we can use Platform.
And then platform has a .os,
or maybe its capital OS,
or lowercase, I don't know one of these,
and that's gonna say iOS or Android.
So you can like if Platform.OS
triple equals iOS,
then here are the styles.
If Android, here are the styles,
you can do that too if you just want
it in one file, so that's another way.
And then if you are on Android,
you also get access to version.
So you can see what version of Android
you're on, it'll give you the API level.
So for instance, if this was 21, I think
that's Lollipop or something like that.
So you know what version
of Android you're on.
So you get access to all this stuff, which
is another way for you to create dynamic
properties, dynamic components,
dynamic all types of stuff based on that.
You can also, for instance, for
this component, this Fancy component.
When we brought it into the index here,
we could of used the platform to say hey,
here's the path for
the Fancy component for Android, here's
the path for the Fancy component for iOS.
Bring in the appropriate one
depending on the platform, and
the platform would do that for us.
So you can also do that as well.
So there's so many ways you can
create the different types,
depending on the on the platform.
Any more questions on the styling?
Yo?
>> Speaker 2: What do you find
the differences to be the most between
Android and iOS as far as do you
generally use the same components and
different style sheets or
same style sheets different components?
>> Scott Moss: I typically use the same
style sheet cuz it's usually just some
small thing.
It depends on what components you're
using but most of it's just one or
two that's different.
For instance, you saw the text input
needed a default height on iOS.
So I typically just use one style sheet
because the way I think of it is I don't
want my apps to look exactly
the same on both platforms.
I want an Android app to look and
feel like Android app and
I want iOS app to look and
feel like iOS app.
So if I styled them both the same,
then there's gonna be some compromises.
So I leave it up to React Native to be
well, this is what the input should look
like on iOS, this is what it
should look like on Android.
And then I'll maybe do
some small overrides,
which only leads me to only have one file.
But if you want the same
experience in everything.
Or if you want two completely
different experiences.
I guess that it all depends.
I like to leave it up to whatever the
platform decides what it should look like.